Refactor update pipeline to use DataLad for provenance tracking (#23)
dandi-cache/qualifying-aind-content-ids: README.md

## Repeated use

> If you plan on using this cache regularly, clone the lightweight `min` branch, which holds only the compressed result:

Author: ```suggestion
If you plan on using this cache regularly, clone this repository:
```

## Repeated use

If you plan on using this cache regularly, clone the lightweight `min` branch, which holds

> only the compressed result:

Author: ```suggestion
If you plan on using this cache regularly, clone the lightweight `min` branch, which holds only the compressed result:
```

```

This will minimize data overhead by only loading the most recent changes.

## Repository layout

Results are kept on dedicated branches so that `main` only ever tracks code:

> - **`main`** — the code (`code/`, `envs/`, the update workflow). It is not modified by the automated update.

Author: ```suggestion
- **`main`**: the code (`code/`, `envs/`, the update workflow). It is not modified by the automated update.
```

Author: Applied in bb6a8ecf1 — the `main`/`min` layout bullets now use `:` consistently (matching the `derivatives` bullet).

---
_Generated by [Claude Code](https://claude.ai/code)_

- **`derivatives`**: persistent [DataLad](https://www.datalad.org/) dataset holding the full results (`derivatives/`, `logs/`) and the `content-id-to-nwb-files` input as a subdataset.
Each update is recorded with `datalad run`, so every commit carries the command, the exact input commit, and the output diff as reproducible provenance.
History is retained.

> - **`min`** — the consumer-facing publication artifact: the minified, compressed JSON (`derivatives/*.min.json.gz`). It is force-recreated on every update.

Author: ```suggestion
- **`min`**: the consumer-facing publication artifact: the minified, compressed JSON (`derivatives/*.min.json.gz`). It is force-recreated on every update.
```

Author: Applied in bb6a8ecf1.

---
_Generated by [Claude Code](https://claude.ai/code)_

```

This will minimize data overhead by only loading the most recent changes.

## Repository layout

Results are kept on dedicated branches so that `main` only ever tracks code:

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

- **`main`** — the code (`code/`, `envs/`, the update workflow). It is not modified by the

>   automated update.

Author: ```suggestion
- **`main`** — the code (`code/`, `envs/`, the update workflow). It is not modified by the automated update.
```

- **`derivatives`** — a persistent [DataLad](https://www.datalad.org/) dataset holding the full
  results (`derivatives/`, `logs/`) and the `content-id-to-nwb-files` input as a subdataset. Each
  update is recorded with `datalad run`, so every commit carries the command, the exact input

>   commit, and the output diff as reproducible provenance. History is retained.

Author: ```suggestion
- **`derivatives`**: persistent [DataLad](https://www.datalad.org/) dataset holding the full results (`derivatives/`, `logs/`) and the `content-id-to-nwb-files` input as a subdataset.
Each update is recorded with `datalad run`, so every commit carries the command, the exact input commit, and the output diff as reproducible provenance.
History is retained.
```

- **`min`** — the consumer-facing publication artifact: the minified, compressed JSON

>   (`derivatives/*.min.json.gz`). It is force-recreated on every update.

Author: ```suggestion
- **`min`** — the consumer-facing publication artifact: the minified, compressed JSON (`derivatives/*.min.json.gz`). It is force-recreated on every update.
```
